{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Receta experiencial\
\
Why was I made?\
\
\'a1Ola!\
\
I am Rusti/Mobell. I look like a mobile kitchen, a bike trailer, a kicker table an so many other thing \'85 but what I really am is a spark. I\'92m a quite elaborate excuse for people to meet, I\'92m a tool to connect and a space to think about food and food culture. I am part of the KOOKMET community and will proudly fight for it\'92s raison d\'92\'eatre. If you want to know more please read our manifesto, it\'92s on the second page of my passport. Maybe you would like to be our friend?\
\
Where did I originate?\
\
My brothers and sisters where born up in the north. On Abattoir market, Anderlecht (Brussels), Belgica in the loving home of a non-profit organisation called Cultureghem (www.cultureghem.be). They use the mobile kitchens to teach children and their parents about healthy and sustainable food and to make huge communal lunches in the middle of the market where people share time and thoughts: the KOOKMET project. Cultureghem found out that this works extraordinarily well and wanted to try the same thing in another place. And so the project came to Madrid to try, and see what would happen.\
\
How was I built?\
\
I was built very lovingly by 5 people (Morvern, Lucia, Mabel, Estibaliz, Suri and Yannick - a lot of girls and some other wonderfull people not mentioned here) in Madrid during the Interactivos \'9215. They started by researching the KOOKMET ingredients, and looked at how they worked in Madrid. They took that knowledge and tried to melt all this info in the new mobiel kitchen designs. \
\
What connections have I engendered?	\
\
As I explained Team KOOKMET has not only built new kitchens but also tried to do some experiments in the city. Lots of public places were visited, a communal lunch was organised in Medialab Prado and a KOOKMET test was put together in the San Fernando Market. This not only showed that the concept had real potential in the city but also led to meeting a lot of people already active in the city. The ambition is present to implement a local KOOKMET community in Madrid using us as catalysts.\
\
How can you replicate me?\
\
Basically by trying very hard. Kitchen plans and food revolution educational material are readily available and can be replicated freely. But the little trick that makes KOOKMET work is finding the right connections in your city. So we encourage everyone to build a kitchen, try, maybe fail but then absolutely try again. Maybe this can lead to improvements in the kitchens, a better workflow or\'85\'85 who knows?!\
\
Receta t\'e9cnica\
\
What ingredients do you need?\
\
You need cooking gear, a lot of wood, a cnc machine will come in very handy too. Patient hands and some welding and wood skills. And then in a next step everything you can think of to improve designs and fit it to your own needs.  All materials used were locally found and can be replaced by the things you can find in the place you work with a little bit of imagination.\
\
What workshop or digital tools are needed?\
\
CAD and illustrating programs were used to create the original designs but we believe it\'92s also possible to come to a similar result using more traditional fabricating techniques. \
\
How long does it take?\
\
We were built in two days, maybe a third day to take your time and do some proper finishing can come in handy.\
\
Where can you find the plans, files, etc.?\
\
All materials shall be published on Fors.be, LibreObjet and possibly other channels in the future. The Cultureghem.be website is also a good place to find out more about the original KOOKMET concept.\
\
Which license do I have & why?\
\
All materials shall be distributed under the Free Art License, which means everything can be replicated and modified freely as long as it happens under the same license. This is because we believe that we are tools in a community story and that it would be very silly to restrict the use of such tools.}